Not every time you will be starting the project from scratch.
Let's see a quick demo as to how to migrate an existing
Git repository to AWS CodeCommit.
I currently have that GitHub project named migrate‑demo, and we
are going to migrate it to AWS CodeCommit.
Let's open file1, and it's just a simple text file.
Let's log in back to CodeCommit console.
I already created a repository named migrate in AWS CodeCommit.
I just opened a Linux terminal, and we are going to clone the
migrate‑demo project with mirror option.
This option will let you copy all the refs as is.
That means all the branches, hooks, and refs are copied so that we
can push the entire repository to CodeCommit. Now, let's use the SSH
URL after migrate‑demo and use the git push command to push all the
changes to the CodeCommit repo.
Let's go back to the CodeCommit console and open migrate repository.
You will see both the files from our GitHub repo has been migrated to AWS CodeCommit.